annot: peel carrots
ACTID: 0
PRED: peel
[DOBJ, food] carrots (-1)
annot: cut off the tops
ACTID: 1
PRED: cut
[DOBJ, food] the tops (-1)
[PP, food, ] (0)
annot: Trim into the length of a hotdog
ACTID: 2
PRED: trim
[DOBJ, food] (1)
[PP, other, into] the length of a hotdog (-1)
annot: boil in water for 8 - 10 minutes
ACTID: 3
PRED: boil
[DOBJ, food]  (2)
[PP, location, in] water (-1)
[PP, other, for] 8 10 minutes (-1)
annot: Add soy sauce, water, vinegar, miso paste to a seal bag
ACTID: 4
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] soy sauce (-1), water (-1), vinegar (-1), miso paste (-1)
[PP, location, to] a seal bag (-1)
annot: Add liquid smoke, syrump, salt, garlic powder, onion powder, smoked paprika
ACTID: 5
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] liquid smoke (-1), syrump (-1), salt (-1), garlic powder (-1), onion powder (-1), smoked paprika (-1)
[PP, food, ] (4)
annot: Take the carrots out
ACTID: 6
PRED: take
[DOBJ, food] the carrots (3)
annot: cool under cold water
ACTID: 7
PRED: cool
[DOBJ, food] (6)
[PP, location, under] cold water (-1)
annot: put into the seal bag
ACTID: 8
PRED: put
[DOBJ, food] (7)
[PP, food, into] the seal bag (5)
annot: Wait for 2 days
ACTID: 9
PRED: wait
[DOBJ, food] (8)
[PP, other, for] 2 days (-1)
annot: take carrots and the juice out
ACTID: 10
PRED: take
[DOBJ, food] carrots (9), the juice (9)
annot: Cook the carrots on a pan
ACTID: 11
PRED: cook
[DOBJ, food] the carrots (10)
[PP, location, on] a pan (-1)
annot: pour some juice on the pan
ACTID: 12
PRED: pour
[DOBJ, food] some juice (10)
[PP, food, on] the pan (11)
annot: Put the carrot rod in hotdog buns
ACTID: 13
PRED: put
[DOBJ, food] the carrot rod (12)
[PP, food, in] hotdog buns (-1)
annot: serve with vegetable and sauce
ACTID: 14
PRED: serve
[DOBJ, food] (13)
[PP, food, with] vegetable (-1), sauce (-1)